README.md, before:

# vFlow: Reactive components for data analysis and visualization

The vFlow library can be used to create reactive HTML documents, such as dashboards and notebooks.

## Building

To build the library, download the vFlow repository and run the following commands:

```
npm install
npm install gulp-cli -g
gulp build
```

## Usage

To use the vFlow library, download `build/vflow.js` and include the following into your HTML code:

```html
<script src="vflow.js"></script>
```

## Development team

vFlow has been developed by the [Visual Analytics Lab](https://varlab.iti.gr/) of the [Information Technologies Institute](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/index.html) of the [Centre for Research and Technology Hellas](https://www.certh.gr/root.en.aspx).

![ITI_logo](iti_logo.png)

### Team members

[Konstantinos Votis](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Konstantinos_Votis.html)  
Researcher Grade C' & Director of Visual Analytics Lab  
kvotis@iti.gr

[Ilias Kalamaras](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Ilias_Kalamaras.html)  
Postdoctoral research associate  
kalamar@iti.gr

[Konstantinos Glykos](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Konstantinos_Glykos.html)  
Research associate  
glykos@iti.gr

Commit message:

Add link to tutorial in README.md

README.md, after:

# vFlow: Reactive components for data analysis and visualization

The vFlow library can be used to create reactive HTML documents, such as dashboards and notebooks.

## Building

To build the library, download the vFlow repository and run the following commands:

```
npm install
npm install gulp-cli -g
gulp build
```

## Usage

To use the vFlow library, download `build/vflow.js` and include the following into your HTML code:

```html
<script src="vflow.js"></script>
```

You can find a tutorial for using the library [here](docs/tutorial/tutorial.md).

## Development team

vFlow has been developed by the [Visual Analytics Lab](https://varlab.iti.gr/) of the [Information Technologies Institute](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/index.html) of the [Centre for Research and Technology Hellas](https://www.certh.gr/root.en.aspx).

![ITI_logo](iti_logo.png)

### Team members

[Konstantinos Votis](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Konstantinos_Votis.html)  
Researcher Grade C' & Director of Visual Analytics Lab  
kvotis@iti.gr

[Ilias Kalamaras](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Ilias_Kalamaras.html)  
Postdoctoral research associate  
kalamar@iti.gr

[Konstantinos Glykos](https://www.iti.gr/iti/en/people/Konstantinos_Glykos.html)  
Research associate  
glykos@iti.gr
